# Java Sample Code
Details about using the *Muhimbi PDF Converter Services* from Java can be found below.

<br/>

## Table of Content
- [Prerequisites](#Prerequisites)
  - [Linux](#Linux)
  - [Windows](#Windows)
- [Sample Code](#Sample-Code)

## Prerequisites

Using the PDF Converter in combination with Java requires JDK 7 or later. Exact deployment and configuration steps for the various platforms vary slightly.

<br/>

### Linux

There are multiple options for compiling and executing Java code on Linux, the examples provided in this section have been tested with Ubuntu 18.0.4 and OpenJDK 1.8.0.191.

```
sudo apt install openjdk-8-jdk-headless
```

<br/>

### Windows

For Windows developers we recommend using [Oracle's official JDK](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jdk8-downloads-2133151.html). The examples provided in this section have been tested on Windows with this JDK.

<br/>

## Sample Code

Sample code, and related files, for the various facilities provided by the service can be found below. It is recommended to copy all samples to your local system using one of the following options:

- **Git:** Use the following command to clone the entire repository to your system. This will download all files associated with this repository, and is most likely overkill, but it is the only easy way to download files using Git. Once downloaded, you can find the examples under the `Java` folder.<br>
   
     `git clone https://github.com/Muhimbi/PDF-Converter-Services/`

- **SVN:** A common trick to download only part of a Git repository  is to use `svn`. Download only the Java client and sample code using the following command.<br>

     `svn export https://github.com/Muhimbi/PDF-Converter-Services/trunk/Java`

- **ZIP:** [Download](https://github.com/Muhimbi/PDF-Converter-Services/zipball/master/) a ZIP archive of the entire repository. Once downloaded, you can find the examples under the `Java` folder.

<br/>

A full overview can be found below.

Sample											| Description
------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------------------------
[Convert and Merge](Convert+and+Merge/)			| Combine multiple files, and URLs, into a single PDF.
[Convert and Secure](Convert+And+Secure/)		| Convert a document into PDF and apply security settings, passwords and restrictions to the PDF.
[Convert and Watermark](Convert+And+atermark/)	| Convert a document into PDF and apply watermarks.
[Convert using Axis](Convert+using+Axis/)		| Convert a document into PD using proxy classes generated by Axis
[OCR PDF](OCR+PDF/)								| Use OCR to extract text from a scan, fax or other image.

<br/>